[DOC] add documentation how to use it with ember-fetch (#1698)
simplabs/ember-simple-auth: README.md

});
```

> When using with `ember-fetch` the `authorize` will not be called and the

Reviewer: What do you think about:

```suggestion
When used with `ember-fetch` the `authorize` method will not be called and the
```

?
